#labels Featured

= DV v2.8.1 =

* Update build tools to 27.0.1 to work around Cyanogenmod boot loop

= DV v2.8.0 =

* Don't create "/sdcard/.org.sufficientlysecure.viewer" directory. 
 * Backups are now stored in "/sdcard/Android/data/org.sufficientlysecure.viewer/files/"
 * The new directory will be deleted when DV is uninstalled
* Esperanto and Polish translations
* MuPDF updated to 1.11 + vulnerability fixes
* FB2 support now uses MuPDF
* Fix night mode being used with tint
* Enable CJK and SIL fonts

= DV v2.7.9 =

== New features ==
* "Reverse Orientation" setting
* Restored "Show Title" option which was removed previously
* EPUB supports hyperlinks

== Bug fixes ==
* Fix for "Configure Keys" and "Configure Taps" binding the wrong action
* Fix "Configure Taps" screen not saving changes
* Fix "Positive images in night mode"
* Color picker renders properly

== Changes ==
* Updated bookshelf search UI
* MuPDF updated to 1.10
* Slow CMYK option no longer supported (patch incompatible with recent MuPDF)

= DV v2.7.8 =

== New features ==
* Page tinting (new book setting) 
* Right-to-left page order (new book setting)

== Changes ==
* Dropped support for SDK 8 (Android 2.2)
* Use appcompat for material design on all API levels
* New material design bookshelf tabs
* Changed DB schema for book settings to store as JSON

= DV v2.7.7 =

== New features ==
* Spanish translation
* German translation updates
* Add preference for disabling "Tap to toggle fullscreen"
* Add preference for disabling volume key scrolling
* Add tap areas on the left and right sides of the screen for page turning
* Restore rotation option in App Settings

== Changes ==
* Make links in documents easier to tap
* Center pages vertically in Single Page mode
* Add Single Page mode checkbox to the toolbar menu

== Bug fixes ==
* Fix incorrect page number in toolbar when leaving fullscreen mode
* Fix zoom gesture to zoom around the touch midpoint

= DV v2.7.6 =
== New features ==
* Japanese translation

== Bug fixes ==
* Fix crash on launch on API 24
* Fix build with NDK r12b

= DV v2.7.5 =
== New features ==
* Automatic rotation option added to Book Settings

== Changes ==
* MuPDF updated to 1.9a with improved EPUB support
* Removed support for replacing PDF base fonts
* Translation updates

== Bug fixes ==
* Fix beeps when flipping pages using volume keys
* Fix for scrolling stopping in crop-to-page mode

= DV v2.7.4 =
== New features ==
* Tap to toggle fullscreen
* "Share" and "Open with..." menu items added
* Material theme on Android 5.0+

== Changes ==
* "Full screen" and "Show Title" options merged
* No longer auto-rotate by default, removed redundant rotation modes from app settings
* No longer show the save confirmation dialog for documents opened from other apps

== Bug fixes ==
* Allow running on devices without stencil support
* Fix back button in the file browser exiting the app
* German translation updates
* Tapping to stop a fling won't trigger other actions
* Volume keys used for scrolling no longer cause the system volume UI to appear

= DV v2.7.3 =
== New features ==
* Support Samsung Multi window mode.

= DV v2.7.2 =
== Changes ==
* Spliting the package according to the different ABIs.

== Bug fixes ==
* Fix a small bug concerning the outlines in certain PDFs.

= DV v2.7.1 =
== New features ==
* Korean localization added

== Bug fixes ==
* Fix no outline bug for PDF
* Reduce package size

= DV v2.7 =

== New features ==
 * Chinese localization updated
 * EPUB support added
 * MuPdf library updated

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix CBZ support

= DV v2.6.1 =

== Bug fixes ==
 * Restore other architectures support for ARMv6, MIPS, x86

= DV v2.6 =

== New features ==
 * Add buildhive CI support
 * Add gradle wrapper
 * MuPDF library updated
 * Support negative page offsets

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for go to page
 * Fix refresh bug for immersive mode

= DV v2.5 =

== New features ==
 * Use KitKat immersive full-screen (patch by ebraminio)

= DV v2.4 =

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix preference crashes

= DV v2.3 =

== New features ==
 * New icon

= DV v2.2 =

== Bug fixes ==
 * Don't open documents automatically from browsers, user interaction is now required

= DV v2.1 =

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix crash

= DV v2.0 =

== New features ==
 * Renamed to Document Viewer
 * No support for CBR format (RAR)

= EBookDroid v1.6.6 =

== Bug fixes ==
 * Scrolling fixed

= EBookDroid v1.6.5  =

== New features ==
 * Mouse wheel scrolling support added
 * Old predefined OPDS feeds removed

== Bug fixes ==
 * Various OPDS fixes
 * Various bugs fixed


= EBookDroid v1.6.4  =

== New features ==
 * OPDS feed parsing improved
 * Scroll processing tuned
 * Added filter for device mount points
 * Chinese localization updated

 == Bug fixes ==
 * [FB2] XML parsing fixed
 * [FB2] Epigraph formatting fixed
 * QuickZoom & ZoomToColumn fixed


= EBookDroid v1.6.3  =

== New features ==
 * Saving downloaded documents on close
 * Gamma correction setting added
 * Scrolling smoothness improved

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Default texture size changed to 512*512.

== Bug fixes ==
 * Scrolling animation fixed.
 * Fix for #398 - bad poem formatting
 * Fix for #405 - Calibre workaround added


= EBookDroid v1.6.2  =

== New features ==
 * New scrolling & fling implementation

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * The new "Decoding on scroll" preference allow to prevent CPU load during scrolling

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix outline tree creation
 * Fix directory scanning
 * Fix other reported issues

= EBookDroid v1.6.1  =

== Bug fixes ==

 * Fix selecting GLES configuration on old devices
 * Fix other reported issues

= EBookDroid v1.6.0  =

== New features ==
 * The actual version is targeted for devices with Android 2.2+
 * OpenGL rendering
 * Decoding & drawing through native memory
 * Added support for the following URI schemes: smb:// http:// https://

=== Recents & Files ===
 * Recent & file browser items re-styled
 * For Android 3+ tablets added the "File browser" menu item is replaced with "Storage" sub-menu with the following items:
  * File system (/)
  * SD card (external storage - typically /sdcard)
  * Auto Scan dirs (optionally)
  * Removable media (optionally)

=== Tap/keyboard actions ===
 * Force portrait/landscape actions added.

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Deprecated performance settings removed.
 * The new "Auto scan removable media" preference allow to automatically scan inserted removable media (flash drives, SD cards, etc).
 * The new "Show removable" preference allow to show removable media in the "Storage" menu.
 * The new "Show scan dirs" preference allow to show scan dirs in the "Storage" menu.
 * The new "Show notifications" preference allow to switch on/off notifications about added/removed files.

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for flickering activities on docked Asus and some other devices.
 * Fix cropping of inner nodes for splitted pages.
 * Fix keys processing if search field is visible.


= EBookDroid v1.5.6  =

== New features ==

 * Added ability to open a book on existing bookmark from book's context menu in Recents or File Browser.
 * Splitting pages right-to-left by user choice
 * File browser opens on first directory from set of autoscan dirs.

=== Improved book formats support ===
 * PDF: MuPDF library updated up to actual version.
 * FB2: {{{<code>}}} tag support
 * FB2: Fixed width of punctuation symbols under Android 4.x
 * FB2: Various fixed and optimizations

=== Tap/keyboard actions ===
 * All options menu actions available to bind.
 * CR #54: new bindable action for scrolling to page corners

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Multi-pane preferences shows only on tablets and only in landscape.
 * "Rotation mode" preference is moved to Rendering settings page.
 * Navigation and history setting are moved into separated preference screen
 * New "Show bookmarks in menu" preference added into Navigation settings ( for Android 3+).
 * Added "First page offset" book preference.

=== Other changes ===
 * CR #364: capitalize bookmark title
 * CR #334: GoToPage dialog landscape layout added
 * Replace task progress dialog with alert one.
 * Hebrew localization added.

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for #354
 * Fix for #359
 * Fix for #345
 * Fix for missing thumbnails problem
 * Fix NPEs reported in Market.


= EBookDroid v1.5.5  =

=== UI changes ===
 * Document scrolling has been tuned


= EBookDroid v1.5.4  =

=== Other changes ===
 * Arm7 version removed from Market

== Bug fixes ==
 * Some minor issues fixed


= EBookDroid v1.5.3  =

== New features ==

 * Manual Cropping (experimental)
 * Caching cropping info
 * Scrolling & drawing optimization.

=== UI changes ===
 * New menu structure for Android 3+ tablets and phones (experimental)
 * New menu structure for Android 1.x-2.x (experimental)
 * New icons (experimental)
 * Outline dialog & items re-styled
 * GoToPage dialog re-styled
  * Bookmark sorting in ascending order
  * Edit bookmark name on double click
  * Scroll long bookmark name on long click

=== Improved book formats support ===
 * FB2: Empty pages removed.
 * FB2: Support for notes in paragraphs.
 * PDF: Add Slow CMYK -> RGB algorithm option to type specific settings.

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Book rotation mode added to override application settings.
 * "Store textures in native memory" experimental performance preference added.

=== Other changes ===
 * Add one more curler
 * English localization improved.
 * Chinese localization added.
 * Italian localization actualized.
 * Spanish localization actualized.

== Bug fixes ==
 * PDF links tapping fixed (#307)
 * Case-insensitive text search for all formats (#316)
 * Fix for #318
 * Fix for black margins in single page mode while zooming
 * Fix redirect to relative URL



= EBookDroid v1.5.2  =

== New features ==

 * True gray-scaled night mode.
 * Positive gray-scaled images in night mode (for PDF & FB2).
 * Added alternative cache location on sdcard.
 * ZoomToColumn tap action

=== Improved book formats support ===
 * FB2: added support of {{{<br>}}}, {{{<ul>}}} and {{{<li>}}} tags.
 * FB2: fixed section processing and outline structure.
 * PDF: added workaround support of invalid \Qq operand.

=== Other changes ===
 * Book shelves: cover loading improved.
 * Book settings: added support for several loaded books.

== Bug fixes ==
 * PDF encription filter fixed (#305)
 * Fix for fullscreen mode on Android 4.x tablets (#294)
 * OPDS: fixed resolving of relative paths (#292).
 * Text search fixes.

= EBookDroid v1.5.1  =

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * UI Language preference added.
 * Book settings backup preference added.

=== Other changes ===
 * Italian localization actualized

== Bug fixes ==
 * Various bugs fixed.

= EBookDroid v1.5.0  =

=== PDF & FB2 fonts ===
 * PDF built-in fonts removed.
 * FB2 built-in fonts removed.
 * Added support of external font packs
 * Added PDF & FB2 font preferences

=== New features ===
 * Backup/Restore for application and recent books settings.
 * OPDS browser added to have ability download books online.
 * Book text search for PDF, XPS, DjVU and FB2.
 * Book context menu added to bookcase and file browser.
 * Tree-like outline.
 * Quick Zoom action added to be available for keys/tap zones binding.

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * Multi-threaded rendering for all formats.

=== Improved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library updated upto 1.0+.
 * DjVU library updated.
 * FB2 tables supported.

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Heap preallocation preference added onto Performance page.
 * Number of decoding threads preference added onto Performance page.
 * Navigation preferences added onto UI page.
 * Color preferences added for links and search marks onto UI page.
 * Auto-backup preferences added.
 * Added flag to cache FB2 images to disk.

=== Other changes ===
 * Russian localization actualized
 * Spanish localization actualized

== Bug fixes ==
 * Old bugs fixed.
 * New bugs added.


= EBookDroid v1.4.2  =

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for #210.
 * Fix for #213.
 * Fixes for various crashes reported on Google Play

= EBookDroid v1.4.1  =

=== New features ===
 * Store on-page position in bookmarks created from "Add bookmark" menu item.
 * Store position in navigation history in "GoTo Page" dialog.

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * "No animation on scrolling" feature added.

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * UseNativeGraphics preference added.
 * SeekBar preference control added for numeric settins

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for #169.
 * Fix for #197
 * Fix for #200.
 * Fix for #199.
 * Fixes for various crashes reported on Google Play

= EBookDroid v1.4.0  =

=== New features ===
 * PDF/DjVU internal links
 * Navigation history (by Back button)
 * Configurable taps
 * Configurable keys binding
 * Image post-processing (contrast, exposure, auto-levels correction)
 * Various low-level performance preferences
 * MIPS support (not in market)

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * New rendering engine
 * New event management engine

=== Impoved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library updated
 * DjVU library updated
 * Native console unrar is used for CBR format
 * Custom DPI settings for PDF
 * Configurable FB2 font size
 * FB2 hyphenation

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Various changes in common and book preferences

== Bug fixes ==
 * Old bugs fixed
 * New bugs added

= EBookDroid v1.3.2  =

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * Bitmap memory management improved
 * Faster Night mode implementation

=== Impoved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library update
 * FB2.1 <strikethrough> support added

=== Configuration and settings ===

=== Other changes ===
 * DPad half-page scrolling removed. Dpad keys are now working as Volume ones - in configurable scroll mode
 * Saving/restoring position inside the page (#19)
 * Localization updated

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for #84
 * Fix for #125
 * Fix for #126
 * Fix for #127
 * Fix for #131
 * Multizoom failure fixed
 * Various NPE fixed

= EBookDroid v1.3.1  =

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * Drawing speed optimization.
 * Memory clearing improved.

=== Impoved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library update
 * Some native code changes for PDF display.
 * Some MuPDF errors handling added.
 * Store memory limit for MuPDF library
 * FB2 fonts are corrected

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * ShowAnimIcon preference added.
 * Fix "Use bookcase" settings for Android 1.5

=== Other changes ===
 * Set App Install Location to auto.
 * Outline changed to pseudo-tree L&F
 * Re-styled About dialog.
 * Bookshelf & Library improvements.
 * Attachments are viewed via temporary file

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for mixed case file extensions
 * Fix for #123.
 * Various FB2 fixes
 * Several NPE fixed.

= EBookDroid v1.3  =

=== New features ===
 * Hardware acceleration is returned back for Android 3+
 * Horizontal scroll view mode added
 * FB2 support added
 * Page cropping implemented
 * Bookshelf view (Android 1.6+) for recent books and library folders added
 * Natural curler (like as in FBReader) added
 * PDF rotation implemented.
 * Book thumbnails added
 * "Set as thumbnail" action is added into menu
 * About dialog added

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * Bitmap pool added
 * Page bitmaps are splitted onto 128*128 pieces to unify memory usage
 * Gray background is drawn if djvu page is failed to decode
 * Zooming processing improved

=== Impoved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library updated up to actual sources
 * DjVU library updated up to actual sources
 * XPS library updated up to actual sources
 * Update freetype to version 2.4.7

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Preferences based on fragments UI available for Android 3+
 * DjVU specific settings added

=== Other changes ===
 * Animated transition is used (if defined) when scroll button pressed
 * New Year's Easter egg added
 * Clearing application data dialog added

== Bug fixes ==
 * Old bugs fixed
 * New bugs added

=EBookDroid v1.2.2 =

== Bug fixes ==

 * Fix for tap scrolling
 * Fix for Black screen on Android 1.5
 * Fix for #50 ( Scrolling jerkiness )
 * Fix for #52 ( Black/white flashes )
 * Fix for #51 ( fling effect )
 * Fix for scrolling by buttons
 * MuPDF updated
 * DjVU updated

=EBookDroid v1.2.1 =

== Bug fixes ==

 * Fix PDF memory leaks
 * Workaround for Archos DPI bug

 * Prevents layout changed on main menu in fullscreen
 * Recent/Library/Browser view speed improvements
 * Various MuPDF fixed
 * Scrolling & Fling optimizartion
 * Title cleanup improvements
 * PDF page width/height fixes
 * Night mode painting fixes
 * Various NPE fixes
 * Touch fixes
 * Loading progress dialog added

=EBookDroid v1.2 =

==New features==

===Optimization of decoding and drawing process===
 * The decoding queue is resorted depending on current view position before top element is taken
 * The position & zoom event handlers optimization to restrict number of affected pages/page nodes.
 * New memory usage mode: "Render page in document resolution" for new devices with Android 3+
 * Native bitmap memory is directly used if possible (Android 2.2+)
 * Full recycling of book resources on "Back" key pressed.

===Bookmarks support added===
 * For current page bookmark can be added by corresponding menu item.
 * For any other page bookmark can be added inside the "Goto page" dialog
  * use seek bar to set the required page number
  *  click the "Bookmarks" button below to open "Add bookmark dialog"
 * After that bookmark will be available in scrollable list below the "Bookmarks" button
 * Short click on a bookmark in this list move the progress indicator in seek bar and update page number edit control
 * Long click on a bookmark allow to delete this bookmark
 * Long click on the "Bookmarks" allow to delete all bookmarks for the opened book.

===Improved book formats support===
 * DJVU, PDF: native bitmap memory support added
 * DJVU: decoding into 16 bit color space suppport added

===Configuration and settings===
 * "Load recent book on start" preference added into UI settings
 * "Zoom by double tap" preference added into Touch&Scrolling settings
 * New memory usage mode: "Render page in document resolution" for new devices with Android 3+
 * Max slice image size (in KB) added for "Low memory" mode.
 * Values of text/list preferences are shown in summary string

===Other changes===
 * Current book settings dialog is additionally available from main menu
 * Interface changes in file browser/recent library activities
  * Optimization of folder scanning process
  * Book settings dialog is opened on long click on a book icon/row


== Bug fixes ==

 * Various issues are fixed
