#labels Featured

= EBookDroid v1.6.2 changelog =

== New features ==
 * New scrolling & fling implementation

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * The new "Decoding on scroll" preference allow to prevent CPU load during scrolling

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix outline tree creation
 * Fix directory scanning
 * Fix other reported issues

= EBookDroid v1.6.1 changelog =

== Bug fixes ==

 * Fix selecting GLES configuration on old devices
 * Fix other reported issues

= EBookDroid v1.6.0 changelog =

== New features ==
 * The actual version is targeted for devices with Android 2.2+
 * OpenGL rendering
 * Decoding & drawing through native memory
 * Added support for the following URI schemes: smb:// http:// https://

=== Recents & Files ===
 * Recent & file browser items re-styled
 * For Android 3+ tablets added the "File browser" menu item is replaced with "Storage" sub-menu with the following items:
  * File system (/)
  * SD card (external storage - typically /sdcard)
  * Auto Scan dirs (optionally)
  * Removable media (optionally)

=== Tap/keyboard actions ===
 * Force portrait/landscape actions added.

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Deprecated performance settings removed.
 * The new "Auto scan removable media" preference allow to automatically scan inserted removable media (flash drives, SD cards, etc).
 * The new "Show removable" preference allow to show removable media in the "Storage" menu.
 * The new "Show scan dirs" preference allow to show scan dirs in the "Storage" menu.
 * The new "Show notifications" preference allow to switch on/off notifications about added/removed files.

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for flickering activities on docked Asus and some other devices.
 * Fix cropping of inner nodes for splitted pages.
 * Fix keys processing if search field is visible.


= EBookDroid v1.5.6 changelog =

== New features ==

 * Added ability to open a book on existing bookmark from book's context menu in Recents or File Browser.
 * Splitting pages right-to-left by user choice
 * File browser opens on first directory from set of autoscan dirs.

=== Improved book formats support ===
 * PDF: MuPDF library updated up to actual version.
 * FB2: {{{<code>}}} tag support
 * FB2: Fixed width of punctuation symbols under Android 4.x
 * FB2: Various fixed and optimizations

=== Tap/keyboard actions ===
 * All options menu actions available to bind.
 * CR #54: new bindable action for scrolling to page corners

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Multi-pane preferences shows only on tablets and only in landscape.
 * "Rotation mode" preference is moved to Rendering settings page.
 * Navigation and history setting are moved into separated preference screen
 * New "Show bookmarks in menu" preference added into Navigation settings ( for Android 3+).
 * Added "First page offset" book preference.

=== Other changes ===
 * CR #364: capitalize bookmark title
 * CR #334: GoToPage dialog landscape layout added
 * Replace task progress dialog with alert one.
 * Hebrew localization added.

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for #354
 * Fix for #359
 * Fix for #345
 * Fix for missing thumbnails problem
 * Fix NPEs reported in Market.


= EBookDroid v1.5.5 changelog =

=== UI changes ===
 * Document scrolling has been tuned


= EBookDroid v1.5.4 changelog =

=== Other changes ===
 * Arm7 version removed from Market

== Bug fixes ==
 * Some minor issues fixed


= EBookDroid v1.5.3 changelog =

== New features ==

 * Manual Cropping (experimental)
 * Caching cropping info
 * Scrolling & drawing optimization.

=== UI changes ===
 * New menu structure for Android 3+ tablets and phones (experimental)
 * New menu structure for Android 1.x-2.x (experimental)
 * New icons (experimental)
 * Outline dialog & items re-styled
 * GoToPage dialog re-styled
  * Bookmark sorting in ascending order
  * Edit bookmark name on double click
  * Scroll long bookmark name on long click

=== Improved book formats support ===
 * FB2: Empty pages removed.
 * FB2: Support for notes in paragraphs.
 * PDF: Add Slow CMYK -> RGB algorithm option to type specific settings.

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Book rotation mode added to override application settings.
 * "Store textures in native memory" experimental performance preference added.

=== Other changes ===
 * Add one more curler
 * English localization improved.
 * Chinese localization added.
 * Italian localization actualized.
 * Spanish localization actualized.

== Bug fixes ==
 * PDF links tapping fixed (#307)
 * Case-insensitive text search for all formats (#316)
 * Fix for #318
 * Fix for black margins in single page mode while zooming
 * Fix redirect to relative URL



= EBookDroid v1.5.2 changelog =

== New features ==

 * True gray-scaled night mode.
 * Positive gray-scaled images in night mode (for PDF & FB2).
 * Added alternative cache location on sdcard.
 * ZoomToColumn tap action

=== Improved book formats support ===
 * FB2: added support of {{{<br>}}}, {{{<ul>}}} and {{{<li>}}} tags.
 * FB2: fixed section processing and outline structure.
 * PDF: added workaround support of invalid \Qq operand.

=== Other changes ===
 * Book shelves: cover loading improved.
 * Book settings: added support for several loaded books.

== Bug fixes ==
 * PDF encription filter fixed (#305)
 * Fix for fullscreen mode on Android 4.x tablets (#294)
 * OPDS: fixed resolving of relative paths (#292).
 * Text search fixes.

= EBookDroid v1.5.1 changelog =

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * UI Language preference added.
 * Book settings backup preference added.

=== Other changes ===
 * Italian localization actualized

== Bug fixes ==
 * Various bugs fixed.

= EBookDroid v1.5.0 changelog =

=== PDF & FB2 fonts ===
 * PDF built-in fonts removed.
 * FB2 built-in fonts removed.
 * Added support of external font packs
 * Added PDF & FB2 font preferences

=== New features ===
 * Backup/Restore for application and recent books settings.
 * OPDS browser added to have ability download books online.
 * Book text search for PDF, XPS, DjVU and FB2.
 * Book context menu added to bookcase and file browser.
 * Tree-like outline.
 * Quick Zoom action added to be available for keys/tap zones binding.

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * Multi-threaded rendering for all formats.

=== Improved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library updated upto 1.0+.
 * DjVU library updated.
 * FB2 tables supported.

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Heap preallocation preference added onto Performance page.
 * Number of decoding threads preference added onto Performance page.
 * Navigation preferences added onto UI page.
 * Color preferences added for links and search marks onto UI page.
 * Auto-backup preferences added.
 * Added flag to cache FB2 images to disk.

=== Other changes ===
 * Russian localization actualized
 * Spanish localization actualized

== Bug fixes ==
 * Old bugs fixed.
 * New bugs added.


= EBookDroid v1.4.2 changelog =

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for #210.
 * Fix for #213.
 * Fixes for various crashes reported on Google Play

= EBookDroid v1.4.1 changelog =

=== New features ===
 * Store on-page position in bookmarks created from "Add bookmark" menu item.
 * Store position in navigation history in "GoTo Page" dialog.

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * "No animation on scrolling" feature added.

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * UseNativeGraphics preference added.
 * SeekBar preference control added for numeric settins

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for #169.
 * Fix for #197
 * Fix for #200.
 * Fix for #199.
 * Fixes for various crashes reported on Google Play

= EBookDroid v1.4.0 changelog =

=== New features ===
 * PDF/DjVU internal links
 * Navigation history (by Back button)
 * Configurable taps
 * Configurable keys binding
 * Image post-processing (contrast, exposure, auto-levels correction)
 * Various low-level performance preferences
 * MIPS support (not in market)

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * New rendering engine
 * New event management engine

=== Impoved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library updated
 * DjVU library updated
 * Native console unrar is used for CBR format
 * Custom DPI settings for PDF
 * Configurable FB2 font size
 * FB2 hyphenation

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Various changes in common and book preferences

== Bug fixes ==
 * Old bugs fixed
 * New bugs added

= EBookDroid v1.3.2 changelog =

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * Bitmap memory management improved
 * Faster Night mode implementation

=== Impoved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library update
 * FB2.1 <strikethrough> support added

=== Configuration and settings ===

=== Other changes ===
 * DPad half-page scrolling removed. Dpad keys are now working as Volume ones - in configurable scroll mode
 * Saving/restoring position inside the page (#19)
 * Localization updated

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for #84
 * Fix for #125
 * Fix for #126
 * Fix for #127
 * Fix for #131
 * Multizoom failure fixed
 * Various NPE fixed

= EBookDroid v1.3.1 changelog =

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * Drawing speed optimization.
 * Memory clearing improved.

=== Impoved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library update
 * Some native code changes for PDF display.
 * Some MuPDF errors handling added.
 * Store memory limit for MuPDF library
 * FB2 fonts are corrected

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * ShowAnimIcon preference added.
 * Fix "Use bookcase" settings for Android 1.5

=== Other changes ===
 * Set App Install Location to auto.
 * Outline changed to pseudo-tree L&F
 * Re-styled About dialog.
 * Bookshelf & Library improvements.
 * Attachments are viewed via temporary file

== Bug fixes ==
 * Fix for mixed case file extensions
 * Fix for #123.
 * Various FB2 fixes
 * Several NPE fixed.

= EBookDroid v1.3 changelog =

=== New features ===
 * Hardware acceleration is returned back for Android 3+
 * Horizontal scroll view mode added
 * FB2 support added
 * Page cropping implemented
 * Bookshelf view (Android 1.6+) for recent books and library folders added
 * Natural curler (like as in FBReader) added
 * PDF rotation implemented.
 * Book thumbnails added
 * "Set as thumbnail" action is added into menu
 * About dialog added

=== Optimization of decoding and drawing process ===
 * Bitmap pool added
 * Page bitmaps are splitted onto 128*128 pieces to unify memory usage
 * Gray background is drawn if djvu page is failed to decode
 * Zooming processing improved

=== Impoved book formats support ===
 * MuPDF library updated up to actual sources
 * DjVU library updated up to actual sources
 * XPS library updated up to actual sources
 * Update freetype to version 2.4.7

=== Configuration and settings ===
 * Preferences based on fragments UI available for Android 3+
 * DjVU specific settings added

=== Other changes ===
 * Animated transition is used (if defined) when scroll button pressed
 * New Year's Easter egg added
 * Clearing application data dialog added

== Bug fixes ==
 * Old bugs fixed
 * New bugs added

=EBookDroid v1.2.2 changelog=

== Bug fixes ==

 * Fix for tap scrolling
 * Fix for Black screen on Android 1.5
 * Fix for #50 ( Scrolling jerkiness )
 * Fix for #52 ( Black/white flashes )
 * Fix for #51 ( fling effect )
 * Fix for scrolling by buttons
 * MuPDF updated
 * DjVU updated

=EBookDroid v1.2.1 changelog=

== Bug fixes ==

 * Fix PDF memory leaks
 * Workaround for Archos DPI bug

 * Prevents layout changed on main menu in fullscreen
 * Recent/Library/Browser view speed improvements
 * Various MuPDF fixed
 * Scrolling & Fling optimizartion
 * Title cleanup improvements
 * PDF page width/height fixes
 * Night mode painting fixes
 * Various NPE fixes
 * Touch fixes
 * Loading progress dialog added

=EBookDroid v1.2 changelog=

==New features==

===Optimization of decoding and drawing process===
 * The decoding queue is resorted depending on current view position before top element is taken
 * The position & zoom event handlers optimization to restrict number of affected pages/page nodes.
 * New memory usage mode: "Render page in document resolution" for new devices with Android 3+
 * Native bitmap memory is directly used if possible (Android 2.2+)
 * Full recycling of book resources on "Back" key pressed.

===Bookmarks support added===
 * For current page bookmark can be added by corresponding menu item.
 * For any other page bookmark can be added inside the "Goto page" dialog
  * use seek bar to set the required page number
  *  click the "Bookmarks" button below to open "Add bookmark dialog"
 * After that bookmark will be available in scrollable list below the "Bookmarks" button
 * Short click on a bookmark in this list move the progress indicator in seek bar and update page number edit control
 * Long click on a bookmark allow to delete this bookmark
 * Long click on the "Bookmarks" allow to delete all bookmarks for the opened book.

===Improved book formats support===
 * DJVU, PDF: native bitmap memory support added
 * DJVU: decoding into 16 bit color space suppport added

===Configuration and settings===
 * "Load recent book on start" preference added into UI settings
 * "Zoom by double tap" preference added into Touch&Scrolling settings
 * New memory usage mode: "Render page in document resolution" for new devices with Android 3+
 * Max slice image size (in KB) added for "Low memory" mode.
 * Values of text/list preferences are shown in summary string

===Other changes===
 * Current book settings dialog is additionally available from main menu
 * Interface changes in file browser/recent library activities
  * Optimization of folder scanning process
  * Book settings dialog is opened on long click on a book icon/row


== Bug fixes ==

 * Various issues are fixed